Add serial number on-chain (#27)
helium/helium-release-proposals: releases/20250812-core-devs.md

---

> ### (2) Add Serial Number for Helium Mobile WiFi hotspots on-chain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### (2) Add Serial Number for Helium Mobile Wi-Fi Hotspots On-chain
```

#### Motivation

Right now, Helium Mobile Hotspot serial number information is not stored on-chain. This creates issues keeping two disjoint system in sync, and building systems that work solely off of on-chain data.

#### Implementation

The serial number will be added as a string to the deployment info struct for wifi hotspots.

#### Alternatives Considered

The only other alternative is what is already done.

#### Impact and Stakeholder Impact

> Better DevEx for people integrating with Helium's Solana systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Better developer experience for people integrating with Helium's Solana programs.
```

#### Drawbacks

> The rent cost per hotspot will increase marginally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SOL rent cost per Hotspot will increase marginally.
```
